add a ticdc compatibility change to 6.1.3 RN (#11600) (#11609)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.1.3.md

Quick access: [Quick start](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/quick-start-with-tidb) | [Production deployment](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/production-deployment-using-tiup) | [Installation packages](https://www.pingcap.com/download/?version=v6.1.3#version-list)

## Compatibility changes

- Tools

    - TiCDC

>         - Change the default value of [`transaction-atomicity`](/ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-mysql.md#configure-sink-uri-for-mysql-or-tidb) from `table` to `none` to improve stability [#7505](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/7505) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Change the default value of [`transaction-atomicity`](/ticdc/manage-ticdc.md#configure-sink-uri-with-mysqltidb) from `table` to `none` to improve stability [#7505](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/7505) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
```
